(lp0
(lp1
VGeneral Observations about Amazon, packaging & warrantyProduct ordered on 15th Oct --- Delivered on 29th Oct....!!!Packaging was very good.No dealer stamp on warranty and Bill doesnt contain product number which may be a problem for warranty, have to clarify with amazon regarding this, Before purchase i asked them about warranty and they have assured if u buy from Amazon fulfilled supplier amazon will give warranty even if nikon does not gives thats when i decided to buy online since it was 6k cheaper than authorized dealers which will save u money to buy an extra lens!!!Now about the Nikon masterpiece D3300Before buying any expensive product online it is mandatory for us all to do a research about the competetion and available products within our budget. Please compare the available products in ur price range only like u can not compare D3300 with a DSLR costing 55K...It will come down to Canon 1200D with zoom lens kit, D3200, D5200 and Canon 600D.All between 26-32k range. Nikon D3100 & Canon 1100D etc are old models and are still cheaper so i didnt considered them.Being a first DSLR hands down almost 99% of google recommemds D3300. I went to Nikon and Canon dealers and checked all models in this budget. heres why i went for D3300 & the after experience :1) It offers u latest processor and sensor with VR-II kit lens.2) The Battery Life is Best in its class with remarkable nos ahead from the competetion and i felt the same after using it.3) Its really very handy and small compared to D5200, only thing 5200 has a tilt screen but i felt it will not make that much difference, for fitting a tilt screen the size of the camera becomes large. I read a lot since my final two models were 5200 and 3300 and felt that the latest processor and better battery life and a diff of 6k for D3300 will be good for my requirements. Since nowhere u can find exceptional difference between image quality of the two cameras. HDR u will hardly require and tilt screen for me was not a priority.4) The image quality is superb. it has a child mode which is very useful when u dont have time for manual settings. Auto mode produces fine images when u dont have time for settings.5) Comes with 8GB card which will be sufficient for few months till u conquer all skills of photography.6) Bag is ok but not very stylish. Can accomodate an extra lens easily.7) Camera is very very fast, first time users will fall in love with the speed of the camera absolutely no lags anywhere.8) Photograps in low light and indoor pics at evening or night time are also very impressive. Flash does an excellent job.9) Colour reproduction is superb, if u click vegetables and look on HDTV they look way better than they look in real life :)...10) I was not used to click pics through view finder so i thought live view is a very useful feature for a DSLR but in real life u will  hardly use live view once u get ur hands on unless a position where u cant put ur head below the cam, even with specks it is  very easy to shoot using view finder .11) LCD screen is very good. With high resolution screen u can judge the quality of image immediatly after clicking which is difficult if  the LCD resolution is low.12) Nikon website is very informative and helps a lot u can register for nikon school and refer tutorials.13) Canon 1200D with Kit lens & zoom lens is a very tough competetion since Nikon D3300 with similar zoom lens is 10K more but  after a lot of reading from websites and reviews u will find that for image quality nikon is a clear winner at entry level DSLR by a  far margin. Kit lens will fulfil most of ur photography requirements initially, wait till u discover urself what lens u really require  before going on to purchase the combo pack with zoom lens.  Hence i decided to buy D3300 and leave the zoom lens in to be bought further category.14) It takes a little time for autofocus at night in very low light but it is ok otherwise autofocus in all other conditions is excellent.  captures fast moving objects in the frame perfectly.15) Manual supplied in the box is useful, and should be read first if u r using a DSLR for the first time.16) It has a wifi feature which may b useful for clicking pics using ur smart phone but requires u to purchase a dongle.It feels excellent to click from this cam because of its fine ergonomics, small size and light weight. its a worth investment. Its a long road in learning and mastering the techniques in photography, with nikon u will enjoy learing it coz when u do it right it delivers excellent results.... just remember a quote which i like very much :""" Buying a Nikon doesnt makes u a photographer... it only makes u the owner of the Nikon Camera..."""So keep learning....
p2
aV5.0 
p3
acnumpy.core.multiarray
scalar
p4
(cnumpy
dtype
p5
(S'i8'
p6
I0
I1
tp7
Rp8
(I3
S'<'
p9
NNNI-1
I-1
I0
tp10
bS'\x01\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00'
p11
tp12
Rp13
aa.